![Logo](img/ld4pe-290px.png)
# Linked Data Competency Index

The Competency Index for Linked Data (CILD) is a set of topically arranged
assertions of the knowledge, skills, and habits of mind required for
professional practice in the area of Linked Data.  The CILD provides an
overview, or map, of the Linked Data field both for independent learners who
want to learn Linked Data methods and technology, and for professors or
trainers who want to design and teach courses on the subject.  The assertions
enumerated in the CILD are identified with unique, Web-based identifiers (URIs)
that can be used to tag corresponding resources, from books or Web-based
tutorials to YouTube videos, for indexing and retrieval.

The CILD exemplifies a broader class of documents for describing curriculum
standards and learning objectives or outcomes.  There is currently no one
standard way to formulate a competency index (or competency framework, as they
are sometimes called).  The range of subjects to be learned and the
requirements for learning are too diverse to be completely normalized.  A
competency index designed to support certification, for example, may need to be
more detailed than the CILD.

To create this CILD, the Competency Index Editorial Board invented and tested
its own stylistic principles.  The Board strove for stylistic coherence,
consistent granularity, manageable length, and general readability.  The goal
was to formulate a Competency Index that could be printed out by interested
learners and profitably be read from start to finish, with language evocative
enough to convey the general drift of the subject matter even to newcomers.

This document describes those stylistic principles in the form of guidelines
for future editors who may want to update or expand the index.  Just as Linked
Data technology is bound to evolve and change over the coming years, this
Competency Index can be viewed as a living document.


